DOCS-8098-mma-docsite-v43-duke (#1440)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime: modules/ROOT/pages/migration-prep.adoc

[[when_to_start]]
== When to Start Using Mule 4

MuleSoft recommends that you develop all *new* projects on Mule 4, provided that:

* You and your team have updated your skills for Mule 4 through the documentation or formal training.
* You have the <<prepare_dev_environ, proper deployment environment>>.

For projects deployed on Mule 3, use the Mule Migration Assistant (MMA) to avoid re-creating the application in Mule 4.

Migrate your applications if any one of the following conditions is met:

* The 3.x version you are using reaches end of life.
* You want to make significant updates to the existing applications.
* You want to take advantage of key Mule 4 capabilities.
* You decide to upgrade all your apps to Mule 4 because your organization requires all apps to be on one version (for some on-prem scenarios).

[[prepare_dev_environ]]
== Setting up Your Local Development Environment

> First, you need to download Studio 7 and install it. If you're deploying locally, you also need to download the Mule 4 standalone runtime, if the runtime that comes with Studio does not match the one you want to use for runtime purposes.

Reviewer: -> Download and install Anypoint Studio 7. If the Mule version that comes with Anypoint Studio does not match the Mule version you want to use for local deployments, download the desired 4.x version of Mule runtime engine.
(Please check if this rewording is better, it might need some tweaks also)

Author: done via suggestion

Author: done via suggestion

> First, you need to download Studio 7 and install it. If you're deploying locally, you also need to download the Mule 4 standalone runtime, if the runtime that comes with Studio does not match the one you want to use for runtime purposes.

Author: ```suggestion
First, download and install Anypoint Studio 7. If the Mule version that comes with Anypoint Studio does not match the Mule version you want to use for local deployments, download the desired 4.x version of Mule runtime engine.
```

|CloudHub is Mule 4 ready.

|Hybrid Deployment

> |Install the standalone version of Mule 4 on your servers.

Reviewer: Install Mule 4 on your servers. (when we talk about install I think it is implicit that it is standalone mule runtime right?)

Author: done via suggestion

> |Install the standalone version of Mule 4 on your servers.

Author: ```suggestion
|Install Mule 4 on your servers. 
```
